ION EXCHANGE

"ion exchange IEX resins are rigid polymeric beads with covalent surface chemistries, which enable easier handling and packing while offering superior physical and chemical stability resulting in a robust manufacturing process combine high binding capacity with a salt tolerance of up to 150 NaCl deamidation and succinimide formation cation exchange and anion exchange chromatography binding the target, washing the column and eluting the target is called 'bind/elute mode' and is often applied in intermediate purification steps for example in downstream processing of antibodies. Anion Exchange Chromatography is an integral part of most plasma protein purification platforms, such as Factor VIII purification. equilibration of the stationary phase. When equilibrium is reached, all stationary phase charged groups are bound with exchangeable counterions, such as chloride or sodium. The pH and ionic strength of the start buffer are selected to ensure proteins of interest bind to the medium membrane protein purification"

ANTIBODY PURIFICATION

"Antibody purification involves isolation of antibody from serum (polyclonal antibody), ascites fluid, or from the culture supernatant of a hybridoma cell line (monoclonal antibody). Purification methods range from very crude to highly specific. The level of purification necessary to obtain usable antibody depends upon the intended application(s) for the antibody. Antibodies may be purified by class (e.g., IgG) without regard to antigen specificity, or affinity purified to an immobilized antigen that is antibody specific. ligands and formats to purify total or specific antibodies from serum, ascites fluid, or tissue culture supernatant. Our portfolio is designed to meet small-scale (screening) to large-scale (bioprocess) needs. magnetic beads, loose resin, spin columns and kits, FPLC cartridges, and 96-well filter plates enable antibody purification Protein A Protein A, alkaline stable Protein G Protein A/G Protein L Agarose Magnetic beads POROS resin Melon gel The separation of antibodies from complex mixtures can be achieved using chromatographic or non-chromatographic techniques. The purification of antibodies using chromatography involves the separation of antibodies or antibody-derived molecules present in complex mixtures by passing them through a solid phase (eg, silica resin or beads, monolithic columns, or cellulose membranes) and allowing the antibodies to bind or pass through depending on whether "bind-and-elute" or "flow-through" chromatographic methods are employed. Chromatographic methodologies can incorporate different separation techniques, such as affinity-tag binding, ion-exchange, size-exclusion chromatography, or immunoaffinity chromatography. However, in a concerted effort to become less reliant on chromatography-based separations owing to the high cost of large-scale production, non-chromatographic-based techniques such as precipitation, flocculation, crystallization, filtration, and aqueous two-phase partitioning are now becoming more popular. This review details current chromatographic and non-chromatographic methodologies used for the purification of antibodies and expands on technological advancements and practical uses that have recently been reported."

FUSION PROTEIN PURIFICATION

"Recombinant Protein Purification  magnetic beads and resins, for the purification of recombinant proteins from E. coli, yeast, insect, or mammalian cell cultures. Magnetic beads and resin have high mg-scale protein binding capacity and are available in multiple formats to accommodate a variety of needs (high-throughput screening, batch, pilot, and process purification). choose affinity supports for the purification of proteins with a variety of fusion tags, including 6xHis, GST, DYKDDDDK (FLAG), c-myc, and HA magnetic beads, magnetic agarose, loose resin, spin columns and kits, FPLC cartridges, and 96-well filter plates enable fusion protein purification from microgram to low kilogram scales resins are designed to maximize protein yield and reduce background High-yield, high-purity, medium-scale purification of 6xHis-Tagged protein. More than 4 grams of over-expressed 6xHis-GFP were purified in 3 hours using 200 mL columns containing HisPur Ni-NTA Superflow Agarose or Qiagen Ni-NTA Superflow. One liter of lysate was loaded at a flow rate of 20 mL/min, then washed until baseline with wash buffer containing 30 mM imidazole. Bound protein was eluted with buffer containing 300 mM imidazole. Fractions containing purified 6xHis-GFP were pooled and quantitated using Pierce 660 nm Protein Assay. Load, flow-through, wash, and eluate fractions were separated by SDS-PAGE, stained with Imperial Protein Stain and evaluated using myImageAnalysis Software to determine purity. Thermo Scientific Pierce Glutathione Agarose facilitates high yield and high purity GST-fusion protein purification.E. coli lysate (14.4 mg total protein) containing overexpressed GST was incubated with 50 µL GSH resin from various suppliers and purified per manufacturers' instructions. The amount of GST eluted from the resin (yield) was quantified by Thermo Scientific Coomassie Plus Protein Assay. Purity was assessed by densitometry of the stained gel lanes. MW marker; Lysate load; Flow-through; Elution. IMAC Ni-NTA Ni-IMAC (EDTA compatible) Cobalt Glutathione Anti-c-Myc Anti-HA"

BIOTIN AFFINITY PURIFICATION

"We offer a variety of resins for the purification of biotinylated or desthiobiotinylated proteins, peptides, and other molecules. These resins are available in multiple pack sizes, as well as in spin columns, kits, and coated plates for some ligands. Select products based on avidin, streptavidin, NeutrAvidin™, or CaptAvidin™ proteins. Need a coated microplate to capture biotinylated molecules for ELISA development and other plate-based assays Biotinylated proteins and biotinylated antibodies Proteomic approaches require simple and efficient protein purification methodologies that are amenable to high throughput. Biotinylation is an attractive approach for protein complex purification due to the very high affinity of avidin/streptavidin for biotinylated templates. Here, we describe an approach for the single-step purification of transcription factor complex(es) based on specific in vivo biotinylation. We expressed the bacterial BirA biotin ligase in mammalian cells and demonstrated very efficient biotinylation of a hematopoietic transcription factor bearing a small (23-aa) artificial peptide tag. Biotinylation of the tagged transcription factor altered neither the factor's protein interactions or DNA binding properties in vivo nor its subnuclear distribution. Using this approach, we isolated the biotin-tagged transcription factor and at least one other known interacting protein from crude nuclear extracts by direct binding to streptavidin beads. Finally, this method works efficiently in transgenic mice, thus raising the prospect of using biotinylation tagging in protein complex purification directly from animal tissues. Therefore, BirA-mediated biotinylation of tagged proteins provides the basis for the single-step purification of proteins from mammalian cells. Proteomic approaches require simple and efficient protein purification methodologies that are amenable to high throughput. Biotinylation is an attractive approach for protein complex purification due to the very high affinity of avidin/streptavidin for biotinylated templates. Here, we describe an approach for the single-step purification of transcription factor complex(es) based on specific in vivo biotinylation. We expressed the bacterial BirA biotin ligase in mammalian cells and demonstrated very efficient biotinylation of a hematopoietic transcription factor bearing a small (23-aa) artificial peptide tag. Biotinylation of the tagged transcription factor altered neither the factor's protein interactions or DNA binding properties in vivo nor its subnuclear distribution. Using this approach, we isolated the biotin-tagged transcription factor and at least one other known interacting protein from crude nuclear extracts by direct binding to streptavidin beads. Finally, this method works efficiently in transgenic mice, thus raising the prospect of using biotinylation tagging in protein complex purification directly from animal tissues. Therefore, BirA-mediated biotinylation of tagged proteins provides the basis for the single-step purification of proteins from mammalian cells. Avidin Streptavidin NeutrAvidin Monomeric avidin"

PROTEIN IMMOBILIZATION

"Amines Sulhydryls Carbonyls Carboxylic acids We offer a variety of activated supports and accessories for the immobilization of proteins, antibodies, and other molecules. These resins are available separately or in convenient kits. Choose resins based on NHS-ester, AminoLink™, SulfoLink™, GlycoLink™, CarboxyLink™, and other activation technologies. Thermo Scientific Pierce NHS-Activated Agarose more effectively couples dilute samples than competing products. Rabbit IgG (0.5 mg) was applied to 0.25 mL of activated agarose in PBS at pH 7.2 for 30 minutes. The protein concentration of the flow-through and washes (uncoupled IgG) was determined using the Pierce 660nm Protein Assay. The bound IgG was calculated by subtracting the amount of uncoupled IgG from the amount added. The coupling efficiencies of both dry and slurry forms of Pierce NHS-Activated Agarose were higher than NHS-activated Sepharose™ 4 Fast Flow (GE Healthcare) and Affi-Gel™ 10 Gel (Bio-Rad). Figure 1. TCEP effectively reduces peptide sulfhydryls (cysteine residues) to maximize covalent immobilization efficiency to SulfoLink Coupling Resin. Peptide A (0.5 mg) and human calcitonin peptide (1 mg) were incubated with (+) or without (-) 25 mM TCEP for 30 minutes and then reacted to 2 mL of SulfoLink Resin for 30 minutes using the default kit procedure. Each peptide contained a C-terminal cysteine, as well as an N-terminal fluorescent tag by which the proportion of non-coupled peptide was determined upon recovery of the reaction solution. Immobilization efficiencies for various proteins on 1 mL of AminoLink Plus Resin when immobilized using the pH 7.2 coupling procedure. The properties of biosensors, biomedical implants, and other materials based on immobilized proteins greatly depend on the method employed to couple the protein molecules to their solid support. Covalent, site-specific immobilization strategies are robust and can provide the level of control that is desired in this kind of application. Recent advances include the use of enzymes, such as sortase A, to couple proteins in a site-specific manner to materials such as microbeads, glass, and hydrogels. Also, self-labeling tags such as the SNAP-tag can be employed. Last but not least, chemical approaches based on bioorthogonal reactions, like the azide–alkyne cycloaddition, have proven to be powerful tools. The lack of comparative studies and quantitative analysis of these immobilization methods hampers the selection process of the optimal strategy for a given application. However, besides immobilization efficiency, the freedom in selecting the site of conjugation and the size of the conjugation tag and the researcher’s expertise regarding molecular biology and/or chemical techniques will be determining factors in this regard."

